Portable Stories: Warn when rendering stories without cleaning up first (#27008)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/api/portable-stories-jest.md

### 3. Load

> Stories can prepare data they need (e.g. setting up some mocks or fetching data) before rendering by defining [loaders](../writing-stories/loaders.md) or [beforeEach](../writing-stories/mocking-modules.md#setting-up-and-cleaning-up). In portable stories, loaders and beforeEach are not applied automatically — you have to apply them yourself.

Author: The link to beforeEach is based on this: https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/pull/26858/files#diff-82d07127279d7f0e9cbf1f0735ac589416a2ca7ffc3d5ff961b357d3a4a6c803R154

Maybe there's a better link

Reviewer: There's also this one, which may be more appropriate for the portable stories case:

```suggestion
Stories can prepare data they need (e.g. setting up some mocks or fetching data) before rendering by defining [loaders](../writing-stories/loaders.md) or [beforeEach](../writing-tests/interaction-testing.md#run-code-before-each-test). In portable stories, loaders and beforeEach are not applied automatically — you have to apply them yourself.
```

👉 For this, you use the [`composeStories`](#composestories) or [`composeStory`](#composestory) API. The composed story will return a `load` method to be called **before** it is rendered.

<Callout variant="info">

> While it's technically optional to run `load` before rendering, it is highly encouraged to always do this, even if the story doesn't have any loaders or beforeEach. If you later add any of these to the story, you don't need to remember to also call `load`. Cleaning up previous stories is also important, and calling `load` ensures that later modifying other stories doesn't affect the current story.

Reviewer 2: Another big argument is that loaders might come automatically from an addon, and users might not know that. Therefore if you have an addon's loader that is needed for your story to render properly, and you end up not calling load, then you have a broken story.

Author: Went with Kyle's prose suggestion.

> While it's technically optional to run `load` before rendering, it is highly encouraged to always do this, even if the story doesn't have any loaders or beforeEach. If you later add any of these to the story, you don't need to remember to also call `load`. Cleaning up previous stories is also important, and calling `load` ensures that later modifying other stories doesn't affect the current story.

Reviewer: Prose tweaks:

```suggestion
It is recommended to always run `load` before rendering, even if the story doesn't have any loaders or beforeEach applied. By doing so, you ensure that the tests are cleaned up properly to maintain isolation and you will not have to update your test if you later add them to your story.
```
